# M-2

## Bug Description
Neqo server crashes when attempting to dereference a null pointer in cases where the selected input sequence contains an INITIAL_CONNECTION_CLOSE message that precedes an INITIAL_CLIENT_HELLO message. This bug is also guaranteed to occur when the input sequence includes the INITIAL_CONNECTION_CLOSE message but lacks the INITIAL_CLIENT_HELLO message. Based on our findings, it appears that the server attempts to respond with a CONNECTION_CLOSE message. However, it cannot obtain the connection's primary path when creating the message. This happens because the server will only set a primary path for that connection when it receives and process an INITIAL_CLIENT_HELLO message.

## Impacted Servers & Versions
Neqo (Tested on commit aaabc1c1)

## Fixed Version
This bug has been fixed in commit [ac51239](https://github.com/mozilla/neqo/pull/1814).

## Input Sequence
[Input.INITIAL_CONNECTION_CLOSE]

## Detailed Case Study (Moved from paper)
**Null Pointer Dereference in Neqo.** Upon looking at the Learner logs, it was found that the Neqo server crashed with an assertion error in cases where the selected input sequence contains an ```initialConnectionClose``` message that precedes an ```initialClientHello``` message. This assertion is also guaranteed to occur when the input sequence includes the ```initialConnectionClose``` message but lacks the ```initialClientHello``` message. Based on our findings, it appears that the server attempts to respond with a ```ConnectionClose``` message. However, it cannot obtain the connection's primary path when creating the message. This happens because the server will only set a primary path for that connection when it receives and processes an ```initialClientHello``` message. This finding demonstrated that the Learner logs are helpful in detecting memory-corruption bugs that are not directly shown in the learned models. 

**Impact.** This vulnerability allows an attacker to launch a denial of service (DoS) attack on Neqo servers by sending a single ```initialConnectionClose``` input at the start of a connection establishment. This was fixed by Neqo developers. Notably, the developers stated this vulnerabilities only affect the server-side implementation as they currently focus on client implementation.